{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green0\blue254;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c10885\c11028\c99890;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Roland made their first appearance on July 4th, 2020 where they joined the Discord server. Like Gordon Kabultompp, Roland G. Tombukopp is an anagram for KomplotGroupBand, confirming the two are related. Roland\'92s image is from 
\f1\i \cb3 Argento x Noir
\f0\i0 \cb3 , a photoshoot of model \cb3 Julia Bedell\cb3 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Roland was greeted by solvers whereupon they were asked if they knew Gordon Kabultompp. Roland admitted to knowing Gordon, though \cb5 Gordon (on subsequent conversations) stated they did not know who Roland was. Unlike Gordon, Roland stated they were not from Elsewhere. They then commanded the server to gather in the Tavern while also posting a CrypTor link in Discord.\cb3 \
The onion link leads to a CrypTor paste that when downloaded and viewed in fullscreen gives reveals an ASCII art of a KGB-style book called the Helm card. \
Because the Helm is part of the GIFT and the LADDER is needed for the GIFT, it is likely Roland is a traveller who got access to one of the SD cards during the Seedlings event, or was leaked the same information leaked to community members. It\'92s difficult to know why Roland leaked the Helm card as only those with knowledge about the GIFT would know what it\'92s for. \
The wheel at the top of the Helm card lines up with the Kolovrat from 
\f1\i \cb3 Archives
\f0\i0 \cb3 .\
}